{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 /*\
*Theme Name: Rama\
*Theme URI: http://underscores.me/\
*Author: Rama Chaudhry\
*Author URI: http://www.phoenix.sheridanc.on.ca/~ccit3669\
*Description: This is theme for my personal portfolio \
*Version: 1.0.0\
*/\
Tags: translation-ready, custom-background, theme-options, custom-menu, post-formats, threaded-comments\
\
Requires at least: 4.0\
Tested up to: 4.5.3\
Stable tag: 1.0.0\
License: GPLv2 or later\
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ===This is a starter portfolio theme called Rama2====\
\
==Description ==\
Hi. I am a starter theme called Rama, I was build using underscores. This theme reflects my portfolio online. This theme includes a slider ,which can be found in the index.php and the header.php base template files. It displays pictures of me so the user can put a face on my website. There is also an options page, that will require the user to go to their dashboard, and click on appearance and then select theme options. \
\
\
==Installation==\
1. Login in on your Wordpress panel\
2. Then click on Appearance which should be displayed on the left side of the Menu\
3. Under Appearance you will find Theme, after click the new add button\
4. Click and upload the file, and select the zip of the theme provided\
5. Click Install\
\
==Questions==\
\
Does this theme support any plugins?\
\
Rama includes a support for infinite Scroll in Jetpack \
\
How to change or add photos that are associated with the website?\
\
The photos can be uploaded through the featured image within the WordPress Dashboard that will appear under the media section. The user can choose to upload images and they will be edited automatically through the elements set in the CSS stylesheet of the theme\
\
How are the images uploaded on the slider?\
\
This is a very simple slider. The images have to be named with the following tags (image1, image2). After the images have to be uploaded in the images folder in the Phoenix and they will change.\
\
Is there any Java script used to code the slider?\
\
Yes, the java script is added in the header.php file of the folder, it allows image to change with the slider.\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4640\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
== Changelog ==\
\
= 1.0 - May 12 2015 =\
* Initial release\
\
== Credits ==\
\
* Based on Underscores http://underscores.me/, (C) 2012-2016 Automattic, Inc., [GPLv2 or later](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html)\
* normalize.css http://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/, (C) 2012-2016 Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal, [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)\
\
\
\cell \lastrow\row
}